[Verse 1]
In the world of science, a prize was won,
By Brunkow, Ramsdell, and Sakaguchi's fun,
They found a way to keep our bodies safe,
From the immune system going on a rampage.
With T cells in action, they defend our health,
Helper and Killer, they're the immune wealth,
But don't forget the Regulators in the fight,
Keeping balance in our system, making everything right.
[Chorus]
Oh, immune tolerance, we're learning so much,
Protecting our bodies with a gentle touch,
From autoimmune storms, we find a way,
With T cells guiding us, we're here to stay!
[Verse 2]
Regulatory T cells, the guards in our team,
With CD4 and CD25, they fulfill a dream,
Keeping watch, they won't let us fall,
Preventing our bodies from attacking at all.
In scurfy mice, a mystery was found,
A mutation in genes that turned life around,
With FOXP3, they showed us the key,
Unlocking the secrets of immune harmony.
[Chorus]
Oh, immune tolerance, we're learning so much,
Protecting our bodies with a gentle touch,
From autoimmune storms, we find a way,
With T cells guiding us, we're here to stay!
[Bridge]
Now researchers are dreaming, with new pathways in sight,
Treating diseases, making everything right,
By boosting those T cells, we're taking a stand,
Using our own defenses, to heal this land.
[Final Chorus]
Oh, immune tolerance, we're learning so much,
Protecting our bodies with a gentle touch,
From autoimmune storms, we find a way,
With T cells guiding us, we're here to stay!
Yes, with T cells guiding us, we're here to stay!